- [Instructor] Having a straightforward workflow
like GitHub Flow for your team is wonderful.
It makes it easy for anyone on your team
to ship new changes to production,
but you need to embrace some other practices
alongside it to ensure that constant flow of changes
doesn't break your production system.
So let's talk about a few of those
so that your team can be successful with GitHub Flow.
When using the workflow, you want to gather
as much feedback as possible about a change
in a feature branch before the pull request is approved
to merge it into the main branch.
The best way to do that is through continuous integration
which automates the process that compiles
and tests your software.
That way you can be sure
that new changes don't break anything.
Before each feature branch is merged into main,
your CI system should automatically build the code
and execute the project's test suite
against the feature branch.
If the build doesn't pass
or meet the quality standards established by your team,
those issues need to be fixed
on the feature before it can be merged into main.
It's best to automate this policy
which can be done in GitHub by configuring a status check
with the branch protection roles
that we saw earlier in the course.
Having automated tests like unit tests
and integration tests in your CI pipeline
is essential for validating new changes
when using GitHub Flow.
These automated tests ensure that changes
don't break other areas of the system
and that the change is functionally correct.
There needs to be enough code coverage in the project
so that with each new build
you're confident in what is being shipped
because without it, you're just shipping untested codes
straight into production.
Many repository managers like GitHub
will display the results of the automated build and test
right within the pull request
for other team members to review.
Key team members should be automatically added
to pull requests, that way they can perform their own review
and provide comments on the changes before they're merged.
The best way to enforce this policy is to configure
branch protection rules that require approval
by other reviewers and a clean build before a PR is merged.
Once each pull request is approved and merged,
it should quickly be deployed to prevent a buildup
of changes in the main branch.
Since you'll be merging into main so frequently,
you'll want to have automated deployments established
to keep the team's workflow smooth.
You don't want to have to be manually deploying
all of these changes,
and the deployment procedures need to be easy to execute.
For example, at GitHub, they've integrated a chat bot
into their workflow that allows team members
to easily deploy right within the chat tool.
Really, these practices will benefit any project
regardless of the workflow that you choose.
However, with workflows like GitHub Flow
that empower you to rapidly deploy your code,
it's critical because it would take too much time
to manually validate and deploy every change
that you ship to production.
So you'll want to have these safeguards in place
if your team is using GitHub Flow
or trunk-based development, which we'll talk about next.